Adds tutorial and a guide (#522)
partykit/partykit: apps/docs/src/content/docs/tutorials/add-partykit-to-a-nextjs-app/5-broadcast-the-change.md

---
title: Broadcast the change
sidebar:
    label: 5. Broadcast the change
description: In this step you will broadcast the changes immediately to all connected clients
---

> Your app now records the votes in real time but they are not immediately visible to other users. In this step you will broadcast the changes immediately to all connected clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your app now records the votes in real time, but users won't be able to see the votes without refreshing the page. In this step you will broadcast the changes immediately to all connected clients.
```
